[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart, I hope you enjoyed the
weekend. Yesterday I had my first communion.
Okay, yesterday I had my first communion and they didn't
give me any news. By the
way, I was with Olga yesterday. By the way, I was
with Olga yesterday. You've seen a lot
on social media. I was chatting for
a while but obviously I don't have
anything to say.
Listen to me, familiar, tremendous
news on the subject of
Marta Riesgo's call with Rocío
Carrasco. Okay, there's news. I've been
waiting. I'm going to be
analyzing everything all day. I don't know if it's time to record a
video on the main channel. Okay, well, it's
up to you. Like,
I'll record it or I'll do it live here. Okay,
at night, I think I'll record a video
for the main channel, giving my
theories, my opinion with all the evidence there
is. If there are contradictions, yes, it's
true that there are contradictions on both
sides, but my theory is the following
because after Marta Riesgo released
the screenshots on Rosa's program,
the screenshots of the
conversation she had with the
reading director.  Luis Pliego are left looking completely
ridiculous Luis Pliego and Rocío Carrasco
are leaving it at that point and Rocío
got on the phone or not and that seems to me to be the
least of it, what do I care about knowing
if Rocío Carrasco got on the
phone directly or not when the bombshell
news here is that Rocío Carrasco
wanted to
offer to
sing for Marta Riesco at
her mother's tribute Rocío Carrasco knew
that Marta Riesco had just had a fight and
was on bad terms with Antonio Davis with Luis
Pliego
involved in the middle if he didn't get on the
phone with her it doesn't matter because Luis
Priego would be the intermediary here we see
completely clearly how biased she is
in the information that they give us in reading
okay but with Luis Pliego in the middle
we know that Rocío Carrasco has
offered
Rocío to love you, she risked singing at
her mother's concert which would
seem to me to have little respect for your mother to
offer Marta Riesco to sing at a
tribute okay I'll also tell you but
my theory is not that  I have
offered to
sing my theory is that what they were
seeing and testing the waters to see if
this long one goes or not long one goes against
Antonio David and once I had
tested it out I came up with the biggest thing and
offered her a shield an exclusive or in
reading what happens is that Marta has not
fallen for the ring but these people
would be planning to offer her the
biggest thing so that she would speak against
Anthony Davis when they hung up the
phone because if it was about something
musical I would have told her on the
call but no no after the call
when she hangs up the phone the joker
puts the sign on him and says it was not for a
musical I don't know what because you
told us that the call is not an offer
that you are not going to reject because you have not
said it was to sing because that was not
for singing it
was for sing but there are still too many you
know it was to sing something happens that then they
got nervous and now she is going
to spill it she is going to say that we have
called her possibly it was to sing tell her it was
to sing my
mother's concert you know and then as a joke they
told her no it was  to sing I don't know what
but to me he shouldn't go there is
that fool you have to be a fool not to
know what
Sainz was for denying it would be nonsense there are
contradictions it's Marta there are
contradictions there is some illicit mind on the
part of the sea this is the best some
exaggeration I don't know but what is
clear and proven and that Rocío Carrasco
through Luis Pliego has wanted to
contact Marta Riesgo so that she can
work on the tribute to her mother
okay she has never wanted to contact her
and when this fight with Antonio
David she wanted to contact her and
that is there, that cannot be denied okay
or so this is called obsession and then
what has been said on many occasions
that Rocío Carrasco focuses her friendships
or her enmities on who gets along or not
with Antonio David who is willing to
sink Antonio to Bio speak badly giving
me my ground
whoever more or less has a cordiality
with Antonia vile enemy okay she spends her
life and her relationships based on what
is around Antonio David and I to
this  I call it obsession okay
spin it however you want family
Marta may fall better or worse before an
airplane may fall better or worse whatever you
want but Rocío Carrasco confirmed she
wanted to offer Marta a
musical job in the tribute to her mother
and I would already be pissed off wanting to hire her with
all due respect to Marta of course
but you are not at the level of Pastora Soler
this was not to sing not even by the candle
and how well she sings this was for her to
sing but a contract of the vine my goodness my
goodness it is very strong
turn it around however you want there is that
Marta mind with her age that yes turn it around however you
want I do not care about the
nonsense that you put me Rocío Carrasco
wanted to get in touch share it does not
matter that she has called the
phone that she has called us I do not care that
Marta does not have a recording that no that I do not care
that I do not care that the guasa
cansahcab Ana Rosa this morning are what they are
and that is what the document has not denied it
I do not care
Rocío  Carrasco wanted to get in touch with
seafood and I call that obsession. Okay,
family. See you later. A hug.
[Music]